gh-89973: Fix re.error in the fnmatch module. (#93072)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2022-05-22-16-08-01.gh-issue-89973.jc-Q4g.rst

> Fix :exc:`re.error` raised in :mod:`fnmatch` if the patterna contains
> character range with upeer bound lower than lower bound (e.g. ``[c-a]``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix :exc:`re.error` raised in :mod:`fnmatch` if the pattern contains a
character range with upper bound lower than lower bound (e.g. ``[c-a]``).
```
